Father, please forgive me for making my own decisions.
And after thinking that the eldest brother attacked,
I will miss my adoptive parents,
Therefore, the body and thoughts harm others,
I found the parents of the eldest emperor brother and suggested bringing the emperor with me.
Father, could you ask them to call me?
Like them powered up?
Okay! The prince’s adoptive parents are on the phone!
Father knows that you are a reckless person,
How do you think?
I won’t see the emperor!
Your Majesty, Your Majesty, I will be tattooed as a man of thanks to the Emperor.
He must be the adoptive father of the eldest prince
People think they can teach Rong
The incompetent eldest prince
The most scheming place is Shuxiang
I have to think that Jingyuan is here to see you, right?
I also want to thank you
I raised such a delicate and beautiful emperor
Oh my god
The Emperor's Dragon Power
Heartfelt to Fourth Brother
This person is dead, nonsense
My prince
Aren't you just sitting there with the harness on?
I helped someone with the same book
Don't die from this
Is it exactly the same when he dies?
What on earth did you say?
This is not pornographic
What does Brother Dahuang mean by his adoptive parents?
The real Brother Dahuang is dead
And the god hat